Fix bugs in manifest creation and version checks (#236)
ASFHyP3/burst2safe: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.0.2]

### Fixed

> * Reversal of content_unit and rep_id in creation of measurement content unit.

Reviewer: Guessing this should be `unit_type` instead of `content_unit`. Also "swapping" would be more clear to me than "reversal".
```suggestion
* Swapping of `unit_type` and `rep_id` in creation of measurement content unit.
```
